hi foodies I'm Konig welcome to my
channel Ready Steady eat today I'm going
to show you the most popular and famous
outing in cuisine that is masala dosa in
this the dosa is first prepared with
rice batter and then it is stuffed with
onions and potatoes filling and it comes
out really good so without any further
delay let's get started 1 and 1/2 cups
regularize 1/2 a cup of auradon 1
teaspoon of fenugreek seeds some water
salt to taste 2 teaspoons of oil 2 3
boiled potatoes little mashed 1 tbsp of
broken cashews 1 tsp of mustard seeds 1
tsp of cumin seeds 1 tsp of chana dal 1
big onion thinly sliced 6 to 8 curry
leaves 2 green chilies finely chopped 1
tsp of grated ginger 1 TSP of turmeric
powder pinch of asafoetida some chopped
fresh coriander now in a wok or a
shallow pan heat some oil or ghee add
the cashew nuts and fry them until they
are golden brown in color once that is
done remove them and keep it aside in
the same pan add the mustard seeds and
let it splatter then add the cumin seeds
and the chana dal fry them until the
chana dal turns little golden brown in
color take care not to burn it now add
the onions and the curry leaves and keep
frying until the onions are nice
translucent and softened once the onions
are little tender then add in the
chopped green chillies and ginger and
fry them for a minute now add the
turmeric powder and asafoetida and fry
for around 15 to 30 seconds now add the
chopped boiled potatoes and mix the
potatoes properly with the masala add
the salt and the earlier fried cashew
nuts at this point of time cook the
mixture nicely and evenly for around 2
to 3 minutes and keep stirring it so the
potato don't get burn once the mixture
is ready and all the things are nicely
combined with each other now finally add
chopped fresh coriander and mix well and
this potato filling is ready this is the
basic masala for the dosa which I showed
you the masala is too dry but if you
want you can add a sprinkle of water to
it now heat a nonstick pan with
little oil and spread it evenly all
around now take a big spoonful of the
dosa batter and pour it on the pan as
soon as you pour it quickly spread the
batter in a circular manner to get a
thin and round those are this way
now add the potato masala on the side of
the dosa and let it cook for around two
more minutes until crispy now cover the
dosa with the remaining half and let it
cook for another fifteen to thirty
seconds until crispy once that is done
remove it on a platter and serve hot
with some sambar and coconut chutney on
the side hope you like my masala dosa
recipe and this is very crispy outside
with nice tender potato and onions
filling inside though it is a long
process but it's really worth it and it
goes perfect with some coconut chutney
and sambar on the side and for the
sambar and coconut chutney recipe you
can refer to the link below so do try it
and let me know how it turned out in the
comment section below hit the like
button and subscribe to my channel Ready
Steady eat for more such lovely recipes
its mechanic signing off bye
you